ABOUT MYSELF
“Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight.” ~ Bill Gates
 profile
I am a passionate consumer of technology and adopt it early and quickly. I enjoy teaching others and learning new things to stretch my mind and abilities.

Some highlights of my past and present education and work experience include customer service, wireless data technical support and web development. I have grown to love and appreciate the functionality that web development and computer programming has and I am very excited to add to my technical skills.

I was born and raised in the Republic of Panama and also grew up in Washington state. I am tri-lingual and served a mission in Denmark for almost 2 years. It is enjoyable to learn about other people, cultural backgrounds and traditions. I take pride in my work and relish the opportunity to work with others and these opportunities motivate me to do my best.

SKILLS
Highly Organized | Strong Analytical Abilities | Self-motivated | Adept problem-solver | Meticulous eye for detail | Flexible to Change | Dependable | Customer Service | Project Coordination | Strategic Planning | Operational Support

EDUCATION
“You’ve got to find what you love. Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. Don’t settle." ~ Steve Jobs
Coding Campus, Provo, Utah
Coding Certificate of Achievement - Graduated: 2014

Completed 9 weeks (465 hours) of fast-paced coursework teaching the basics of web development including how to build and deploy robust web applications using: HTML/CSS, Python, JavaScript, AngularJS, Django, Git

Coding Campus logo
Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah
Bachelor of Science - Elementary Education - Graduated: 1995

Graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Elementary Education and minored in General Psychology. Engaged students and faculty in the use of computer technology such as CD-ROM and other educational software.

BYU logo
EXPERIENCE
"The only source of knowledge is experience." ~ Albert Einstein
VERIZON WIRELESS
Data Technical Support Coord./ West Valley, UT / 2010 - 2012

Customer Service & Technical Support/ Bellevue, WA / 2003 - 2009

THE SEATTLE TIMES COMPANY
Customer Service & Inside Sales / Seattle, Wa / 1990 - 2002

Customer Service | Inside Sales

PORTFOLIO
Work in progress.
All
Branding
Design
Photography
Website
               
CONTACT
Contact Information:
 Taylorsville, Utah, USA
 (425) 530-7562
 codingcorner@outlook.com
codingcornerus.wordpress.com
Get in Touch
Name

Email Address

Message
